~Quotes~

1. "People blame talent and hide the hardwork with the sweet lie that is equality"
- Mahouka

2. "The biggest problem with creating by yourself is that u get tunnel vision"
- Daniel Orive, Riot Games, on art

3. "Life is a flawed dice. U just need to learn the trick to get a 6 every time"
- Efflam Mercier, Riot Games

4. "You should do so much extra outside of school, that even if u went to a school, 
u should still be self-taught"
- Colin Levy, Blender

5. "All we have to decide is what to do with the time that's been given to us" 
- Gandalf, (Found from Wren, Corridor Crew)

6. "The effort to search for a reason not to do something never bears fruit"
- OreSuki

7. "Treat yourself as if you were someone you are responsible for helping." 
- JP

8."Decided-LY because changes what was" + ESL
- Janine Driver

9."Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known." 
- Carl Sagan

10."SOX is finally going all outs! I can barely holds in my excitements!"
- Shimoneta, Kusuri

11."What really is gonna make you unique sometimes is the way your brain
works differently than anyone's brain who's ever existed on the planet."
-  Dan Carlin

12."Write down your obituary he says because that'll show you how far off 
your goals you are"
- Dan Carlin

13."Pretend there's a documentary creq filming your success story and 
they're following you right now"
- Joe Rogan

Friendship Breakers:
1. Lack of integrity
2. Manipulating Guilt
3. Inconsideration
4. Ur Values shifted from ur friend

Passion:
"
Dude, Wren's positive aura is unbelievably awe-inspiring and insurmountably contagious. 
I friggin' LOVE this guy and he's truly shown me that passion rules over any type of physical 
gain in our industries! At the end of the day, we’re doing what we love, creating what we love,
 and making enjoyable one-of-a-kind moments that imprints for a lifetime for all types of 
audiences. Wren is infatuated with what he loves, and it makes me love what I do even 
more! No matter where it takes us, no matter how much money it makes us, just waking 
up knowing that we are doing what we dreamt of doing mostly our entire lives….it brings 
tears to my eyes man.

Wren. Keep being you buddy. I aspire to be just like you, and I hope to meet you one day.
 It'd be an honor. Truly brother.
"
"
There is no end goal. This is people's biggest issue. Yes have goals, and break them down into 
actionable steps, but remember there is no such thing as end goals. If you make them you will 
only be disappointed when you're done celebrating reaching them. 

Humans are made to do, build your life around things you always want to do, the types of things 
that you climb mountains so you can find the next mountains to climb.

Life is doing. If you keep setting goals that are end points you'll just get into cycles of chasing 
highs then getting lost in disappointment and feelings of lacking when they're done.
"

Talk Confidence
OP. The #1 thing that helped me was as simple as standing up as straight as 
possible and building confidence. Confidence and humor are the top qualities that women are looking for so I reccomend 
charisma on command because that has helped my greatly. Also there is the FORD method for conversations. FORD 
stamds for family occupation recreation and dreams as long as you rotate these and make her laugh you are golden. 
The final step is consistancy. Say good morning every moring over text when you get to know her good enough and 
talk to her as much as possible. Good luck i just poured my guts out so I hope you see this and find it helpful!!

Language
To summarize, first is to work on your pronunciation (eliminate your accent with a native speaker); second is 
Colloquial Speech (you have to learn expressions and idioms used by native speakers); third is Cultural Traits
 (internalize cultural traits of people of a particular language). That's all))) 

Conversations
1. Just do it
2. Skip small talk, ask personal questions (about themm)
3. There is no room for negativity, instead find the things in common
4. Give a honest unique compliment (nothing they;ve already heard)
5. Ask for a simple opinion (how was a movie, something)
6. Be present (no multitask), eye-contact
7. Remember their details (Name/place etc)

Questions:
Why is it that every time I talk with you, you seem irritated?
How could I present myself better?
Where are you going to find the time...
How do you go about..
What is the matter with the people in that class?
What is your favorite memory from childhood?
What was your high school experience like?

Negotiation
1. Ask a positive question, (How or What, no Y)
2. Assign them a positive trait (you're this, right?)
3. Get them to agree( Yes to these questions)