What 10 things have you stopped doing in your life?
Buying the latest phone model. I now wait until mine is truly fucked up and too slow to rely on. As long as the camera is still good and can make phone calls and send texts, i’m all good, baby!
Faking smiles and niceties ad nauseam. If i don’t vibe with somebody because they are toxic to me, I don’t bother being all friendly. I will stop hanging out with them. I moved out of my last apartment because my roommates were toxic.
I no longer care about what others think of me. My old roommates always made comments about how my crop top was too slutty, how my hoop earrings were too extra or if I dye my hair too bright a color. They call me hoe because they think my outfit is too revealing. Those styles are still acceptable where I live btw. Just because you don’t have enough confidence to wear those, doesn’t mean you have to bring me down for having enough confidence to do so! Now that i moved out, I feel happier. I can wear whatever I want without somebody shoving their unwanted opinion down my throat.
Impulsive buying. I have long-term goals I want to achieve and I need to start spending wisely! Lol but I still cannot live without iced coffee :(

5. I stopped trying hard to be noticeable. When a guy only starts talking to you after you have done something to your appearance, his intention is usually shallow and he is probably only doing it because of your looks. Also, don’t stay for a guy who doesn’t see what he has until she leaves.

6. I stopped buying skincare products based on what I read on the front label of the packaging. No matter how expensive it is or how advantageous it says on the label, it still won’t fix your skin problems if the ingredients do not suit your skin conditions. Look for and avoid the following ingredients based on your skin type. Creds to Hyram (Youtuber) for compiling this list.


7. I deleted facebook and uninstalled instagram. I stopped watching everybody’s instagram story or whatsapp status, only a select few.

8. I stopped talking too much. I only talk what I think is necessary and things I will not overthink later. I still joke but make sure it’s not insulting. It’s important to taste your words before you spit them out. I never talk much about what’s going on in my life either because even though they inquire about it, sometimes they are just not worth knowing, especially about future goals. Better work in silence and let them find out through your success.

9. I stopped being a fan account on twitter. I did this from my high school years until my college years. Tbh, it made my social skills worse because I was so used to talking to people on the internet and thus staying in my room obsessing over musicians. The people are sometimes very toxic too. But I did meet some very great people whom I am still friends with to this day!

10. Lastly and most important, I stopped having high expectations in everyone. That’s how I prevent myself from high disappointment. I stopped being too attached to everyone, especially if they are friends. The emotional damage can be too painful to handle.